They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
He congratulated everyone associated with the construction of this Statue.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
He will also address a public gathering.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
The Prime Minister said, “We have taken a major step to provide education facilities at the higher educational, technical and professional institutions in addition to the reservation for the poor from general category.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
A clean and healthy India will spell a prosperous India also.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
In 2018, we are projected to grow at 7.4 per cent.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
The Sides agreed to explore opportunities of joint collaboration in precious metals, minerals, natural resources and forest produce, including timber, through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
Defence and Security Cooperation
When we get to know the in depth details of their courage, bravery, valour in detail, we are filled with astonishment and pride and we also get inspired!
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
His pure thoughts and ideals have a profound impact on society.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities in our system.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Bilal is very young age wise but is a source of inspiration for all of us who are interested in cleanliness.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
All this will affect energy demand.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
For example, if a local fire service visits one school in its area every week, it would sensitize thousands of children over a period of one year.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani ;
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
It does the job of uniting us.
I am sure you distinctly remember that for the last many months, a naval team comprising six women Commanders was on a voyage.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
The PM took a round through the memorial.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
Every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
Biofuels can help reduce import dependency on crude oil.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
But now we live in independent India.
No new funds have been approved.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
Now, the continent finds itself at the centre of global economic activity.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
The situation is being monitored closely.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
May the injured recover quickly.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
They reaffirmed that being multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia bring civilizational wisdom to address modern day challenges.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
He stated that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia ties are based on the strong foundation of shared values, interests and vibrant people-to-people relations.
The function will be held in the afternoon at Ring Road Tiraha, Hardua, Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
As democracies, we have shared values.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
This is the result of our fight against black money.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
Today is the 9thof August.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The MOU on proposed development of a fertiliser plant in Malaysia and off-take of surplus urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
One of our largest states, Maharashtra, has already adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
New India is not possible without a New Tamil Nadu.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
It needs efficiency in energy use.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
I am glad that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
We are engaged in a massive push towards renewable energy generation.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
Specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree.
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts, money transfer, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and merchant payments.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
He interacted with jawans from the ITBP and the Indian Army, and offered sweets to them.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
India’s test was not only successful but in a way, India had demonstrated its might in the field of science and technology.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
As part of an elaborate launch event for this fortnight long movement, the Prime Minister will interact with a cross-section of people from 18 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
You will witness for yourself the ensuing change.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
“Anguished by the tragic accident in UP’s Etah district.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
Businesses seek assurance of the prevalence of rule of law in the Indian market.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
He said almost all villages along the banks of the River Ganga have now become open defecation free.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
Currently, in most countries of the region, penetration of insurance is limited to only middle and upper-middle income groups.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Creating a Structured Mechanism for Communication, Mutual Sharing of Best Practices, Creating New Initiatives for Capacity Building and Starting Joint Campaigns, are such areas which can be pursued in mutual interest.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
His pioneering and relentless emphasis on social reform greatly helped the marginalised.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
Yoga is a code to connect people with life, and to reconnect mankind with nature.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day, 2018.
This was the fourth of five such interactions.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a number of different illustrative examples.
Memories of Diwali celebrations with our security forces in Gurez sector of Jammu & Kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
The MoU was signed on 6th January, 2017 in New Delhi.
There is an incredible spirit, vibrations and magnetic power in this holy land.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
A ‘New India’ is rising.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
Second, a series of Jan Aushadi Kendras were started throughout the country.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
It was in the month of June 2015 that I had the opportunity of welcoming you in India.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
Today, I got the opportunity to launch the new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
The ASI has undertaken several major conservation works across various countries of Asia.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
This will ensure growing energy markets for them.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
We will fully support this.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
We also need to give importance towards living in harmony with nature and not think about short term gains, he added.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
Most of the grievances are related to issues of poor service quality, connectivity and non-functioning of landline connections.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
His demise is anguishing.
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No. 6.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
Even you would be aware that how many administrative and financial steps are needed to be taken by the government for construction of highways.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
His vision was not just to treat them, but also to mainstream them into our society, he added.
India itself has been battling cross border terrorism for decades.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts if the country on this occasion.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government, PM said.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
This metro project has several significant features.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
He had the courage to show a mirror to the British about their wrong doings.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
We are now in the information age.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Background
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
Three years ago you vested the responsibility of ‘Pradhan Sewak’- the Chief Servant of the People upon me.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
My best wishes to all the students who’re going to appear for their examinations, their parents and all the teachers as well.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
The Agreement will help in the availability of relevant information for the prevention and investigation of Customs offences.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
He urged all officers to speed up the adoption of Government e- Marketplace (GeM) in their respective departments.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
Honourable Ministers and Senior Delegates from Japan;
He said “high-speed corridors” would be regions for rapid growth in the future.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
This will also contribute to Kochi’s economic growth.
Khadi and handloom have transformed the lives of the poorest of the poor and are emerging as a powerful means of empowering them.
He was an inspiration to Karyakartas like me.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the unveiling of plaque
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
Come 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th PRAKASH VARSH of Guru Nanak Dev ji.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
They shared the view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor for stability amidst current global uncertainties.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the award is to be disposed off by the Court within one year.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
Best wishes.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
He also believed in the power of education.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
Even hair dressers change hair style fashions of their clients.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter became the first ever father-daughter duo to ascend Everest.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Today, with NHRC operating at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been constituted.
For this, we are strengthening the entire eco-system of our administrative arrangements.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The high level review meeting was attended by officials from PMO, NITI Aayog and other Ministries.
This data reflects that how the government has performed the role of a policy maker and policy implementer after bringing the country out of policy paralysis.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
Government of India has made a successful effort to clean the Ganga and involve the people for this project with the cooperation of five State governments.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Mariyappan Thangavelu on winning gold and Varun Singh Bhati for the bronze at the Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
It is a huge psychological battle.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
Once inaugurated this facility will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
In this context, let me outline a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction:
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
He said that these mindsets are now being changed.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
We can protect ourselves from several diseases in addition to having a good heath if we daily practice the poses and breathing exercise of Yoga.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
“Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar’s demise is saddening.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
People donate generously to the needy during this holy month.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
These include:
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the challenge route.
The industry and business in our two economies can shape attractive partnerships through the flagship programmes launched by my Government.
The Alliance aims at a solar capacity of 1000 Giga Watt with an investment of one trillion US Dollars by 2030.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
• The onus lies on the political parties to identify such leaders among them and segregate them from their political journey.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total worth of projects which were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is over Rs. 14,000 crore.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution in our nation’s history, especially during the freedom movement.
The Prime Minister said that if man does not nurture nature, then nature reacts in the form of climate change.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
We have to further fortify that legacy.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
He said that on the lines of the 115 aspirational districts identified by NITI Aayog, States can define their own parameters to identify 20 percent of the total blocks in the State as aspirational blocks.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
However, I take satisfaction in the fact that this is the second Summit between India and Portugal within a period of six months.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
Foreign investors have made record investments in India today.
TheBishnoi community in the desert land of Rajasthan has shown us a way of environment protection.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
In the Monsoon session, this time, everyone jointly presented an ideal approach.
Exams in themselves, should be a joyous occasion.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
He also distributed the PM-SYM pension cards to select beneficiaries.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
He said the Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping strengthen the supply chain from the farm to the market, and creating modern agriculture infrastructure.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
In our country there is an innate respect for the military and the security forces.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation, through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, Digital Transactions, and Skill Development.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
Different taxes across different states have made goods and services more expensive.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
The brave peacekeepers from this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world.
Of course, it is quite possible that my words this morning will act as a relaxant for you.
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
• Nation will not gain anything by standing with those who have plundered the nation.
The size and scale of requirement in India gives the added advantage of economies of scale for investors.
I congratulate him on his success.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
All this in turn will give a major boost to socio-economic activity in the state, opening up employment opportunities for the local people.
Currently, we rank sixth in the production and export of honey.
In that context, India has to make its place in the world, he added.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely be helpful in further strengthening these values of peace, unity and goodwill.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
An unprecedented number of countries from across the world, joined hands with us.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
The choices that we make today, will define our collective future.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking active steps to improve your living conditions, including a 5-year National Plan of Action.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
What you say is right.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
If we remain vigilant, we can now save our children from returning to those evil ways of violence and cruelty.
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and, even, neighbouring countries like Nepal.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
We favor the same approaches to ensuring peace and security and shaping a global architecture that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens unity of humankind.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
He said that the Union Government is working with an approach of “isolation to integration” to develop all the hitherto under-developed parts of the country.
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
He said India believes that the world is one family, and is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
Over the years, I have visited Japan several times.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
I urge you to the utmost, let’s join this initiative.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
He is also remembered for his work in the education sector, and other social causes.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
“Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
After a year of hard work, one has the opportunity to display one’s capabilities, so this should be a festival of joy and enthusiasm.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
This year, Neelakurinji is in full bloom on the hills of Southern Nilgiri like the Ashok Chakra (the wheel of Ashoka) in the Tricolour on our Independence Day.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, capacities and resources.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stone for various development projects in Kutch today.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
Despite this, we have de-controlled petrol and diesel prices.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
It used to be played in almost every state.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
He said this is an indication that the world accepts the relevance of Gandhi’s ideals, even today.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
He said that it is also a responsibility to be careful and conserve as much water as possible.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
Your children have benefited from this.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
9. Ambitious targets have been set that includes key health indicators and others to spur performance.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
Saddened by his demise.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
His mild persona always fills every Indian with a sense of pride.
We are a young Nation.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
iv) Maternal, child and neonatal health;
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
In such a scenario, Consumer Protection is an important component which enhances and strengthens trade in this region.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
I urge you all to be a part of this campaign.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
The agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalized this understanding.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
It will have the original verses of Bhagwad Gita along with commentary.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
The results are already visible.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
