They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
A highly educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
The duplication of such process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state level will be prevented.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in < ID1 >.
The MoU will help the Academy to disseminate its experiences to NIPAM for running training institutes for higher civil services in the country.
He congratulated all those associated with the construction of this statue.
I want to assure that the steps taken by the government are going to put the country in a new league of development in the coming years.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Despite rising crude oil prices, inflation remains within the prescribed range.
Previously, eighty to ninety large merchants had access to the world's raw diamonds through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved which will lead to the construction of a 140 km long metro line.
In particular, the Prime Minister mentioned Meghalaya, which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the period under review.
India's development needs are vast and real.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
This will result in expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
Any request for an increase by the state government will be considered.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
"We have taken a major step to provide education facilities in higher educational, technical and professional institutions besides providing reservation for the general category poor," the Prime Minister said.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched. '
When there is such a big event, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
I heartily congratulate the school people of Chandrapur, these young friends of mine.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
When India is clean, healthy, only then will India prosper.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
They also exchanged views on their own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic development.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of our people.
India's economic growth rate in the financial year 2018-19 is estimated to be 7. 4 per cent.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
He said the Tarakot route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate pilgrims.
We now count among the most open countries in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI).
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
The Prime Minister will formally inaugurate the Bhagavad-gita by opening its pages.
Friends, This is the first conference of its kind in this part of the country.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme is a completely new interconnected system that will help create a healthy India.
Both sides agreed to explore opportunities for joint cooperation in forest products including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investments, production, processing and skilled labour.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
With the potential of the people, their aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the growth of our manufacturing and services sector.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
Defence and security cooperation
When we know deeply about their courage, valour and valour, we are surprised, proud and inspired.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
His ideas and ideals have had a profound impact on society.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to ₹5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of UK Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has created the necessary framework to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The government is also emphasizing on how to bring more foreign capital to India.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this acceleration will continue.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
"Saddened by the loss of lives due to landslides in Bangladesh.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
Therefore, the Swachh Iconic Places project has now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission to tackle this problem.
He said Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of the state government, disaster relief agencies and PMO.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
The central government is also emphasizing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to create confidence in the minds of the common man of the country by ending the distortions in our system.
Adds the sum between this scatter.
The whole country was worried about how to save Tommy.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Bilal Dar is young but a source of inspiration for everyone interested in cleanliness.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
All this will affect the demand for energy.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission - the quest for a Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spirituality in our country.
At present, there are 4.5 million self-help groups in rural India with the participation of about 50 million women.
He acknowledged that this was the single greatest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region.
For example, if a firefighting team visits a school in their area every week, it will make schoolchildren sensitive throughout the year.
Even if it is 2 minutes, it also expresses collectiveness, resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
Shri Vijay Rupani, Chief Minister of Gujarat;
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
It works to connect
You may well remember the 6 women commanders of the Navy, a team that had been at sea for the past several months.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
The Prime Minister paid a thorough visit to the memorial.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their standard of living has improved significantly.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefiting from this camp every month.
I heartily welcome the growing relations between our parliamentarians, our states, and the provinces of Japan.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
Biofuels actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
India has always been a motivating factor for others in terms of intellectual ability and enterprise.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
Under this, we offer about 700 scholarships annually for studies in Sri Lanka and India.
At the same time, there is excitement that joint talks are to be held with India-Indonesia executive officers (CEOs).
You act as an interface between the government and tax paying citizens and companies.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
But we are in independent India.
No new funds have been approved.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
"Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his Jayanti.
The continent itself has now become a centre of global economic activity.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The situation is being closely monitored.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
The Japanese people have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
First of all, many congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on such an important topic as Consumer Protection.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also allow for timely and efficient project completion.
I wish the injured a speedy recovery.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
I had two memorable meetings recently.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
I have said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is going on.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision for development that all these states are making rapid progress.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
The ban on jallikattu imposed by the Supreme Court was discussed during the meeting.
"The government is constantly working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India have been centres of spread of social reform.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
Both sides reiterated that being multi-cultural, multi-lingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia have brought together civilizational wisdom to address today's challenges.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
He said that the deep and mutually beneficial relationship between India and Malaysia is based on shared values, interests and strong vibrant people-to-people contacts.
The event will be held later in the afternoon at the Ring Road Tiraha in Hardua, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the SCO held in Qingdao in June 2018 reflects India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-time member.
As a democratic country, we share values.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be consumer satisfaction.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The new ray of the new year is bringing a resolution of new successes.
A number of state-level and central-level taxes have been abolished across India.
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
This reason is the result of our fight against black money.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
Today is August 9.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
Social media is changing disaster response.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
It was Atal ji's unparalleled leadership that laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India of the 21st century.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore given to Kerala earlier this month.
She is also doing a skill development course along with it.
Ms. Espinosa shared her priorities for the upcoming session of the UN General Assembly.
At a public meeting in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
The MoU on the proposed development of a fertilizer plant in Malaysia and the import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
Maharashtra, one of the largest states in the country, has also made effective plans for this at its own level.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
New Tamil Nadu is not possible without New India.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
He also congratulated those who have allowed their land around the temple to be authorised for the project.
Efficiency in the use of energy is essential.
With this mutual and global goal in mind, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
I am happy that so many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed the historic Shuddhi Yajna.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
At the same time, the people here also have a deep understanding of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
I would also request the listeners of 'Mann Ki Baat' who work on Sanskrit to consider how to take forward Komal ji's suggestion.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
He said that he is happy that good progress has been made in this direction in the last few years.
We are rapidly moving towards renewable energy generation.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
It is permissible for them to sacrifice their lives, especially in the context of tree conservation, but it is not acceptable for them to lose a single tree.
IPPB will provide facilities such as savings and current accounts, money transfers, direct benefit transfers, bill and utility payments, and enterprise and commercial payments.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkala University Bhubaneswar was announced.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, governance and people of these five states for fulfilling this task.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies in a significant part of the world, and a close friend.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never thought of.
36 industries have been taken out of the ambit of environmental clearance requirement.
The forts are a symbol of our heritage.
They leave a deep impression on my mind.
The Prime Minister interacted with the personnel of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police and the Indian Army and presented them sweets.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon today.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to actively monitor it with sensitivity.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
Obviously, it will take a lot of effort to make it popular.
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
India's test was successful and in a way, India had demonstrated its strength in the field of science and technology.
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
I am confident that the deliberations at this forum will bring the benefits of clean, affordable and sustainable energy to the citizens of the world.
As part of the launch ceremony of the fortnight-long campaign, the Prime Minister will interact with various people at 18 locations across the country via video conferencing.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement for units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
See, the change will come as soon as you see it.
As soon as this campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
All these great men toured India extensively.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unparalleled.
"Saddened by the tragic incident in Etah district of Uttar Pradesh.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
President Temer's visit provides an important opportunity to work in a planned manner.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of new renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
His game has made us all proud.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central quadrangle pillar, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
Get the kids into the habit of climbing stairs instead of going up and down the elevator.
The 'BHIM-Aadhaar App' remains a marvel for digital transactions within the world.
Enterprises want assurances of the law's pervasiveness in the Indian market.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
The mantra is that society can fight against superstition with faith.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
Our players gave a great performance and on the basis of this, India has become the Asia Cup champion after ten years.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
You too should take part and especially I would urge you to show these things to the children.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
This enthusiasm will bring about a positive change and a sense of responsibility, he added.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
He said that all the villages located on the banks of the river Ganga have become open defecation free.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
With the tradition of selling as much Khadi as there was since independence, I humbly say today, the sale of Khadi has already doubled.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He said that the common man and traders will definitely benefit from this innovative decision.
The European Investment Bank has contributed one billion euros to India for environmentally sustainable projects, including the Lucknow Metro.
He encouraged them to share unique experiences and write on the subject during the visit.
Right now, most countries in the region have limited insurance coverage to the middle to upper middle classes only.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
The Prime Minister said, "I am happy to note that people across Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm."
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Creating structured mechanisms for communication, mutual sharing of best practices, taking new initiatives for capacity building and launching joint campaigns are topics that can be worked on keeping mutual interests in mind.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will visit Anjar.
His path-breaking and tireless emphasis on social reform helped the underprivileged.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
On the occasion of International Yoga Day, many events related to yoga are being organized all over the world.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
Yoga is a code of connecting people with life and then connecting mankind with nature.
He said that the Central Government has constructed five crore toilets in the last 3 years.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in the region.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
The Army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
The event featured a mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
We are proud to be the global host for World Environment Day 2018.
This was the fourth dialogue in a series of five such dialogues.
He gave a variety of examples in his reply with a spot counter.
This time it was unforgettable for me to celebrate Diwali with the security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the legacy for which we have been historically proud cannot be ignored or forgotten.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
Appreciating the efforts of the diaspora, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that the diaspora has always made India proud.
This love of yours is like a blessing.
We can imagine what the state of mind will be when the world collapses at this young age?
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
The MoU was signed on 6th January 2017 in New Delhi.
There is wonderful energy, vibration, hypnosis in this holy land.
People have also started giving each other Khadi items as gifts.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
Agreement for Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial Matters
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a $5 trillion economy in the near future.
A 'New India' is emerging.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
Every athlete who represented India at the Commonwealth Games-2018 inspires us.
Secondly, a series of Jan Aushadhi Kendras were started all over the country.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya imbibed and reflected the goodness of various ideologies.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
Cars manufactured in India by Japanese carmakers are already on sale in Japan.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks its completion.
Under the 'Ayushman Bharat Yojana', the government of India and the insurance company will together spend 5 lakh rupees in 1 year for the treatment of about 10 crore families i.e. about 50 crore citizens.
Our ancestors have lived it for centuries.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
January, February, March, April - all these months are the testing months in every family.
The Prime Minister further said that for start-ups to succeed, it is important to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
Not only me, but the whole of India, and the whole of South Africa, is eager to hear the views of the President.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
Foreign direct investment in India was at its highest level in 2015-16 while the rate of FDI in the world has fallen.
Broken into a small nomadic community in the isolated areas of the Nilgiri Plateau of South India, their settlements are traditionally made up of locally available items.
In June 2015, I had the opportunity to welcome you in India.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was constituted on 12 October 1993.
I believe we are in a moment of great opportunity in our relationship with Sri Lanka.
The central government will support the steps taken by the state government.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new zeal, new enthusiasm, new energy.
For how many years did the law hang on the benami property holders?
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy course curriculum.
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it was a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
ASI has carried out several major conservation works in various countries of Asia.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
He described GST as an example of cooperative federalism.
4. Rules for exchange of medicines, medical devices and information.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said this has been the strength of Indian society for a long time.
This will ensure a thriving energy market for them.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
DD Arun Prabha will be the 24th channel run by Doordarshan.
It is rapidly helping agencies and this makes it easier for citizens to get in touch with the relevant authorities.
He said the Muslim community would not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
We will cooperate fully.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
He said India is currently ranked third in the Power Rankings in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
He said that we also need to value living in harmony with nature and we should not think of short-term benefits.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
I assure all possible help from the government.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
Now about three thousand small and big traders have got this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should motivate the youth in their schools and villages to take up sports.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', to coordinate as well as review the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
Most of the complaints are related to poor service quality, connectivity, and service interruption of landline connections.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
Incorporation of Tai Khamti in place of Khampti in serial number 6.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
Non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer of children;
You will also know how many administrative and financial steps the government has to take in the construction of highways.
Mr. Joe Yuelle-Draw briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi's vision was not limited to his treatment but he also wanted to bring him into the mainstream of our society.
India itself has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades.
These projects include The Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and Char Dham Highway Development Project.
It worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building toilets was done like a mission.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 2nd October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
A postage stamp on 'Ramayana' was released by him on the occasion.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
The Prime Minister has suggested faster work in the field of electronic toll collection.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Grahak Jago campaign.
46. Together, we will build an India that is free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
It is changing the supply perspective;
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use for the welfare of the people.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and compensate the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
More than 100 public utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
The central government is constantly and closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
The entire country is saluting the indomitable courage of Meena ji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
He said that the amount equal to the amount contributed by the beneficiary will be contributed by the Central Government.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have an important role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
I appreciate all the people and organizations engaged in the construction of more and more toilets in different parts of the country.
Therefore, it is appropriate that Kochi should have a metro rail facility.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for 100 most backward districts of India.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further expedite the relief and rescue operations in the state.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
There are several important features of this metro project.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great personality who was loved and respected by all sections of the society.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
In 1947, the Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was established to encourage students to continue their studies.
Drug regulation and drug quality control;
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
It plans to source about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, particularly solar power.
He had the power and intelligence to show the British rulers the mirror of their mistakes.
Well, young friends, you are preparing for the exam and I am holding you in my heart.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
Now we have reached the information age.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The Prime Minister called upon these students to do concrete work in this direction to realize their vision.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
If there are these in the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries of the Jan Aushadhi Project expressed happiness at getting quality medicines from the Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
Background
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
He also addressed a public meeting at Luangsangbam.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
He said that the drastic reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to Indian military might and our international partnership.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the ceiling on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
7. Availability of health equipment and medicinal products.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
He said that in the field of agriculture also, a new 'culture paradigm' needs to be developed through the use of technology with a view to benefitting the farmers.
Three years ago, you gave me the responsibility of Principal Servant.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
The Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries.
My best wishes to all the students appearing for the examination, their parents and all the teachers.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been asked to be increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to the building of our nation.
The agreement will help in making available relevant information for the prevention and investigation of customs offences.
Respected Chairman, On behalf of the House and the countrymen, many congratulations and best wishes to you!
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 per cent.
He urged all the officers to accelerate the adoption of Government e-Marketplace (GIM) in their respective departments.
The Prime Minister said that the distinguished reputation earned in the past is not enough, but it is also extremely important to adapt to the emerging challenges.
He asked the officials to prepare an action plan during the Revenue Gyan Sangam to reduce the delay in these cases.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice and setting up of a Joint Consultative Committee.
Hon'ble Ministers and senior members of the Japanese delegation;
He said that "High Speed Corridors" will emerge as an area of growth with rapid pace in the future.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
It will also contribute to the economic development of Kochi.
Khadi is emerging as a powerful tool in the lives of the poorest of the poor, hand-looms are transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor and empowering them.
He was a source of inspiration for activists like me.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
These experiences will enrich your life.
This fully automated and state-of-the-art coastal installation project will ensure the safety of petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh.
He said the central government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least 1.5 times the cost.
Prime Minister Modi will also lay the foundation stone of the North Regional Centre Campus of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together in this direction.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
In the coming year 2019, we are going to celebrate the 550th Light Year of Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
His far-reaching policies with regard to various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play an important role in the development of Asia.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
They collectively believed that a peaceful, stable and balanced relationship between India and China would prove to be a positive factor amid the prevailing global uncertainty.
Further, as per the new law, any application challenging the judgment will be disposed of by the court within a year.
These mountains here automatically inspire yoga and Ayurveda.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
When I read Savarkar ji's' Maji Janmathe ', a book, it inspired me to visit the Cellular Jail.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN are interconnected.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
Jayalalithaa ji's love for people, concern for the welfare of the poor, women and the marginalized will always remain an inspiration.
A few days ago, we all must remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
Science and Technology
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
Now some people might say why did you take only two years?
The Prime Minister encouraged them to devote their energies to working with other government agencies to improve the quality of life of the people in their respective villages.
Best wishes.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
He also believed in the power of education.
The world's largest infrastructure to be ready in the next two decades will be in our region.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to the brave jawans of our armed forces.
Even hairstylists are deciding the hair designs of their clients.
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
Since last month, he has started listening to 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages soon after my 'Mann Ki Baat' was completed.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional 11,000 km is under construction.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the implementation of the AMRUT scheme.
During the interaction, the women crew members gave a presentation based on various dimensions of the mission such as preparation, training and experience during the journey.
The thinking of the government will also be discussed and I think a very good debate will also take place in the session.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of equipment used for heart surgery and knee surgery were reduced.
The Prime Minister stressed that action is important once laws and acts are made.
"Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people from generation to generation.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
India is going through many major changes today.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter Diya became the first Indian father-daughter duo to climb Everest.
"Greetings and best wishes to CISF personnel on the Raising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super-specialty Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said that the projects being inaugurated today are very auspicious for the cooperative union.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been introduced.
Today, along with human rights work at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been formed.
For this, we are strengthening the entire ecosystem of our administrative system.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and power sectors.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
I appealed to people to give each other a book instead of a bouquet of good wishes.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog and other ministries.
These figures show how the government has moved out of policy paralysis to play the role of policy maker and policy implementer.
This will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Solapur.
Almost the maximum number of taxpayers in India are going to benefit a lot from this.
On behalf of all the countrymen, I wish him a bright future.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
The Government of India, in collaboration with 5 state governments, made a successful effort to connect people for a clean Ganga in the past.
These operations have taken place in many countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and other parts of the world.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah - Narmada River.
So I would like to be aware of your thoughts on this present direction of education and its future.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
It gives me immense pleasure to be among the global leaders and manufacturers of the food processing sector.
My first two engagements will be at the Sabarmati Ashram.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
Write down some facts about the people's life there, not just about the buildings, not just about the natural beauty.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rio 2016 Paralympics Gold Medalist Mariyappan Thangavelu and Bronze Medalist Varun Singh Bhati.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some of the recent notable achievements of our scientists in India.
Shri Narendra Modi will launch the mass e-Gruh Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
Only recently did we proceed with the formalization of the law.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
Our efforts are showing results in terms of economic growth and development.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
It's a huge psychological battle.
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
Every year, an average of ₹32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, excluding the MGNREGA budget.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
He said that as soon as new laws are made, the old laws should be reviewed and if unnecessary, the old law should be done away with.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
This will add up to 15 per cent of the total gas produced in Assam.
In this context, we have outlined a ten-point agenda for renewing our efforts towards disaster risk reduction, which are as follows:
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
Uttarakhand has anyway been the main centre of yoga for many decades.
He said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to the Kenyan independence movement.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow will be such a lucky coincidence that yoga will get a new dimension.
This railway line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
He said that such an attitude is now changing.
Friends, It is also very heartening to see the United Nations come forward as an ally in this entire process.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can maintain good health as well as protect ourselves from many diseases.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
These amendments will enable our arbitration process to align with world best practices.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
We are with the bereaved families.
In a message, the Prime Minister said; "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar.
He said that our youth can never be deceived.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh Ji's family has given us one such example.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
Both sides agreed to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on a priority basis.
This is the 5th Indian Science Congress to be addressed by Shri Narendra Modi after assuming charge as the Prime Minister, in keeping with the Prime Minister's vision to promote the spirit of science, technology and innovation across the country.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
These include:
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
They will also witness demonstration of several activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation, etc.
He appreciated the participation of cities in challenging tasks.
In our economies, industry and business can forge attractive partnerships through flagship programmes launched by my government.
The alliance has set a target of achieving 1000 GW of solar power capacity by 2030 through an investment of US $1 trillion.
He said that with better connectivity in the Northeast, the region will also be connected to the economy of Southeast Asia.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
7. Any other area of cooperation on the basis of mutual decision.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders among themselves and isolate them from the political journey of their party.
Sikkim's first and the country's 100th airport - Pakyong was inaugurated. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and Blind Cricket World Cup.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
He termed GST as "Good and Simple Tax" which will ultimately benefit the people.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all the projects inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid today have a total value of more than 14 thousand crore rupees.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
This will put an end to the issue that has been pending for almost 24 years.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
Gujarat has made significant contributions to the history of the country, especially during the independence movement.
The Prime Minister said that if one does not absorb nature, nature reacts in the form of climate change.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
The Centre assures all possible help to normalise the situation.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of, a divine feeling.
Today, ministers from many African countries are present among us.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
This is Prime Minister Modi's second bilateral visit to Germany.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
We have to further strengthen this legacy.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
Such efforts create undue difficulties, especially for those in the developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
Your Excellency Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
The weather has become pleasant with torrential rains in many parts of the country.
I hope that the delegates from abroad will have some time to see the history and glory of Delhi.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritages safe and clean.
As part of this, the government has started training one lakh masons.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
The Prime Minister said that yoga improves concentration.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
He said that the statue will provide immense opportunity for tourism.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
He said that on the lines of 115 aspirational districts identified by NITI Aayog, states can set their own standards to identify 20 per cent of the total blocks in the state as aspirational blocks.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
He urged people to use the BHIM app and adopt cashless transactions.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and the respect extended to him throughout his visit.
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
You have never had an opportunity like this in your life.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
However, I am satisfied with the fact that this is the second dialogue between India and Portugal within six months.
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
The staff of the UN, diplomats of the world, everyone participated in it.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
In a desert like Rajasthan, the Bishnoi community has shown us the way to conserve the environment.
I hope that Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation will have a memorable stay in India.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
Dr. Abdul Kalam worked throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.
This time in the monsoon session, everyone has put together a model.
The exam itself should be a joyous occasion.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today said that in the present times, a sportsperson's life spans many decades.
The Prime Minister credited Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath for coming to Noida and ending the superstition associated with the city.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
He also distributed PM-SYM pension cards among the beneficiaries.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and make the life of farmers easier.
He said that Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping in strengthening the supply chain from farm to market and creating modern agricultural infrastructure.
Temples were usually built on an extensive plot away from the residential area.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step towards freedom from shackles.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
You speak in one of the oldest living classical languages in the world.
In our country, there is a natural respect for the army, for the security forces.
There are also plans to hold bilateral meetings with the participating countries during the BRICS summit.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone for expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
Guru Nanak Dev ji also composed 'Gurbani' to speak his mind.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge wealth like yoga and Ayurveda was reduced.
Gradually, work will progress in that direction.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
The Prime Minister said that the conference has now become even more relevant in the context of the country's challenges and responsibilities.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states have played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues like Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
Different taxes in different states have made goods and services more expensive.
Prime Minister Modi said that the defence relationship is an important pillar between India and Japan.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
India will also contribute a lot in this direction, he added.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
Uttarakhand and Haryana were also declared ODF this week.
My dear countrymen, next month, I will be among you again for the next 'Mann Ki Baat'.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
Maybe, these words of mine today will also work as a relaxation for you.
The Prime Minister will also announce access to electricity to all households in Arunachal Pradesh under the Saubhagya scheme.
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
Regular yoga has a direct impact on any family's medical expenses.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours and was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
Promoted to create infrastructure and the Government of India has implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
This was also a feat done by our soldiers in the direction of peace.
In the last 20 years, 580,000 people have died due to disasters in the Asia Pacific region.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
His unprecedented contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
Urban development includes Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, AMRUT and Smart City schemes.
He said that PSUs have contributed significantly to nation building and the country's economy since independence.
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularise sports.
Diversity calls for celebration; not confrontation.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top ten countries with the highest number of deaths due to the disaster.
• The country will not gain anything by standing with those who have looted the country.
Given the huge size and scale of requirements in India, there is every possibility of additional gains for investors.
I congratulate him for this success.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
Overall, this will give a fillip to the social and economic activities of the state, creating new employment opportunities for the locals.
We are currently ranked sixth in honey production and exports.
He said that in the same context, India has to make its place in the world.
This holy month of Ramzan will definitely help in taking forward this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
Incorporation of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Mizi) in place of 'Momba' in serial number 9.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
This will result in increased competition efficiency and the influence of our marketing companies.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
An unexpected number of countries from all over the world joined us.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially by curbing inflation.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
They also agreed to broaden their efforts to further develop existing linkages through already established mechanisms to create the largest possible platform for future relations.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
Indian Navy Chief Admiral Sunil Lanba was also present on the occasion.
This change led to two significant changes in Indian politics.
Unveiling the expansion of the health care system in Bihar, he said, "It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
Through Make in India, we are giving a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the huge human resources here.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including AIIB.
He listed several initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
The choices we have today will define our collective future.
He called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267.
A small tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
He expressed confidence that through scientific thinking, technological innovation and R & D, the graduating students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable profession.
Soundarya Lahari is a collection of shlokas compiled by Adi Shankaracharya.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking a number of proactive steps, including a five-year national action plan, to improve your quality of life.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
You're right.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
We will work towards a qualitatively high level of military-to-military cooperation.
If we remain vigilant, we will be able to protect our children from returning to those paths of violence and tyranny.
These hospitals will provide affordable cancer treatment to patients from neighbouring countries like Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand, Bihar, Uttarakhand and Nepal.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
Diwali brought a special experience for me this time too.
Somewhere there is a story of an innovation regarding cleanliness or news of a change brought about by an officer's passion.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even talked about mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and all that for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
The Prime Minister also paid tributes to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
With no middlemen in between, things get a lot cheaper.
We support a common approach to ensuring peace and security and shaping the world order that reflects cultural and civilizational diversity and at the same time strengthens the unity of humankind.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
The MoU will help in enhancing bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant resistance to imperialism can never be forgotten.
Let us take the positivity forward.
This will promote and propagate the traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
India is moving ahead on all these points towards economic recovery.
Satyagraha movement was first started in Champaran 100 years ago in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction caused by the tsunami following the eruption of a volcano in Indonesia.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
He said that the Central Government is determined to complete all its campaigns with the help of the people.
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
He went to different countries of the world and raised his voice against the misinformation being spread about Sanatan Dharma and philosophy.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is working to shift development from "isolation to integration" in all the least-developed parts of the country.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
We will also encourage and facilitate trade and industry between the two countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
The Prime Minister said India believes that the world is one family and it is with this spirit that it is fulfilling its global responsibilities.
We have launched the Ujjwala scheme, providing cooking gas to 50 million families.
Society and the family need to pay attention to this.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
He also said that the central government takes decisions keeping in mind the national interest and not for political gains.
The birthplace is in Patna, the karmabhoomi is in North India and the last moment of life is in Nanded.
I have visited Japan several times during the last few years.
He said the national highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
I urge all of you, let's join this initiative.
He hoped that everyone will work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
After a disaster, the entire world will have to take responsibility for it.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Project.
He is also remembered for his work in the field of education and other social concerns.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
He dedicated to the nation, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Rae Bareli.
You see, if everyone in a state says so, I would ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare propaganda literature on what seven common things have come from each state.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
After some time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He also listed out the steps to be taken to improve 'ease of access to justice'.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
He had invested his entire life's earnings just by relying on one of your signs.
Now is the time to debate it, to find a way.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
The whole year has been hard work, now the opportunity has come to tell, this should be the festival of such enthusiasm.
Driven by the patience and determination of 1.25 billion countrymen, this Shuddhi Yagna will play an important role in setting the direction of the country for many years to come.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
For example, under India's housing programme, a target has been set to build 10 million houses in urban areas.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title with an outstanding performance.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering on the occasion.
This year, on the hills of the Nilgiris in the south, it is like our Neelakurinji flower, like the Ashoka Chakra of the tricolor, fluttering in the festival of the country's independence.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of yoga - togetherness.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than many major economies.
The Prime Minister said that there is no dearth of capabilities, capabilities and resources in India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said that the agriculture sector suffers greatly in the absence of infrastructure.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
He will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch today.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
In addition, we have deregulated the prices of petrol and diesel.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
The game was played in almost every state.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
I now conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
Tezu Airport has been revamped to accommodate commercial operations under the UDAN scheme.
He said this is an indication that even today the world acknowledges the relevance of Mahatma Gandhi's ideals.
We will strive tirelessly for our socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and deliberates on future development priorities.
Similar steps have been taken towards the release of advance information about the cyclone.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The agreement will support revenue collection claims made by both countries.
These, as well as other changes, have received the attention of the global community.
It is also a responsibility to conserve as much water as possible carefully, he added.
In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
It is inspired by the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by, friends.
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
I urge all of you to also participate in this celebration of 'Run for Unity' mutual goodwill.
Some send photos of the children's efforts, while others tell a story of the team efforts of the youth.
17. It is proposed to expand vaccination to all states.
Your children have benefited from this.
He said that Gujarat's development journey has seen a lot of positive changes in the last two decades.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
Ambitious goals that include key health indicators and others are driving performance.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
His death was saddening.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
His gentle personality always fills every countryman with pride.
We are a young country.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
Brothers and sisters, Similarly, some farmers of the hilly region of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for farmers across the country.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
Maternal, infant and neonatal health;
He welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
In such a situation, consumer protection is such a subject that is an important component of increasing and strengthening business in this sector.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister took to social media to explain the complexities of various yoga asanas.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on the flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
During my visit, in addition to my discussions with President Moon, I will meet business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as dignitaries.
I urge all of you to participate enthusiastically in this campaign.
He always inspired 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
The agreement that has just been exchanged will establish this understanding.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
It contains the original verses of the Bhagavad-gita, including the Tika.
The Prime Minister will engage in a yoga asana exercise with thousands of volunteers on the grounds of the Forest Research Institute in Dehradun, nestled in the lap of the Himalayas.
The results are already visible.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
